Add Contexture (#1727)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [CouchDB](https://github.com/quangv/awesome-couchdb#readme) - Document-oriented NoSQL database.
- [HBase](https://github.com/rayokota/awesome-hbase#readme) - Distributed, scalable, big data store.
- [NoSQL Guides](https://github.com/erictleung/awesome-nosql-guides#readme) - Help on using non-relational, distributed, open-source, and horizontally scalable databases.

> - [Contexture](https://github.com/ltchris/awesome-contexture) - Abstracting queries/filters and results/aggregrations from different backing data stores like ElasticSearch and MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Contexture](https://github.com/ltchris/awesome-contexture#readme) - Abstracts queries/filters and results/aggregations from different backing data stores like ElasticSearch and MongoDB.
```

Reviewer: And the description in your readme should be:

> Contexture abstracts queries/filters and results/aggregations from different backing data stores like ElasticSearch and MongoDB.
